c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\Aforg.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\Aforg.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\Aforg.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aforg\Aforg\obj\Debug\Aforg.pdb
